John Reinhart: Can you hear me.
Alexander Gomez: There we go.
John Reinhart: There you go.
John Reinhart: Okay.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. I don't know what happened. I thought you're supposed to be with
John Reinhart: With Becca, so evidently they told you to come and meet me at 130 then right
Alexander Gomez: Yeah. They certainly did. Yeah. Cuz I had an appointment today at four o'clock, with the therapist in in Napa like them and told them that, but they told me to go ahead and do this on here so
John Reinhart: Okay, yeah, that's just a separate deal that's not what bright heart that's that's what them. So, okay. Well great. I'm glad you made it.
John Reinhart: They
John Reinhart: Were just I'm going to ask you some questions and won't take us too long.
John Reinhart: And just answer to best your bill t ri and
John Reinhart: This is doing a bio psychosocial with Alexander Gomez and Alex What Can I Do you go by Alex or Alexander
John Reinhart: Alex. Okay, Alex What brings you in treatment and why now. That's the first question.
Alexander Gomez: Oh well. Um, I've been dealing with opiate addiction.
Alexander Gomez: And probably since my knee surgery.
Alexander Gomez: And after that I had this rare skin condition that
Alexander Gomez: That's very painful. It causes me to break out and boils and everything.
Alexander Gomez: So then they said they sent me a Narcos the 10 strong four times a day for 30 days.
Alexander Gomez: So then I was addicted to that for about six months, but then I started dabbling in math and then once I came
Alexander Gomez: To my doctor's appointment with the dirty test. She caught me off.
Alexander Gomez: Well then, I was I've been struggling. Since then, to deal with my mission but then they got me on Suboxone which helped, but then I noticed that, um, I started having these withdrawal symptoms from Suboxone so they switched to dissolve and as well as seems to have a lot better Suboxone
John Reinhart: This is working better
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, it was working a lot better.
John Reinhart: Good, good. Thank you for that, tell me your story with substances.
John Reinhart: Using using drug alcohol.
Alexander Gomez: Um, I don't drink alcohol whatsoever. Um, but yeah. So I just I just smoked marijuana and take my medication that's about it.
John Reinhart: Okay.
Alexander Gomez: paint off in my head for about almost four weeks now.
John Reinhart: That's fantastic. That's really good. Keep up the good work.
John Reinhart: Next question is, when were you first exposed to such
John Reinhart: using drugs.
Alexander Gomez: I'm probably like when I was, let's say 13 years old.
Alexander Gomez: Yeah.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: Pretty normal
John Reinhart: Me too. I think I first started smoking pot. When I was about that age, long time ago.
Alexander Gomez: Yeah yeah
John Reinhart: How did it progress.
Alexander Gomez: Um, well, I started smoking pot like probably in the fifth grade.
Alexander Gomez: In elementary school, which is pretty bad, but I didn't like it at first all groggy and I didn't, I didn't feel like going to school and all that.
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, just progressed into like middle school and then probably from middle school grew out hype got it progress more I started smoking more pot you know dabbling and cocaine dabbling in mass, but then my messy. You started picking up probably when I was 15 I started doing it more
Alexander Gomez: recreationally then then like on the weekends.
John Reinhart: Yeah, yeah. So God became more of a problem and everything.
Yeah.
John Reinhart: So that's how progress when was it worst for you.
Alexander Gomez: Um, probably when I was 18 I was working. I was working at JP video in Napa and I had a full time job and everything. So I would buy like
Alexander Gomez: A large amount for the whole two weeks that you know I would work. And then I would get paid again. So I would probably get like an eight Ball every, every week.
John Reinhart: Yeah yeah
John Reinhart: None of that just so vicious cycle. Hmm, let's start skipping like what
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, it was it was it was pretty bad.
Okay.
John Reinhart: What was OK. Now this one is for chronic pain and you do with that right
Alexander Gomez: Yeah.
John Reinhart: What was the persistence precipitating event what caused the the
John Reinhart: The chronic pain to happen.
Alexander Gomez: Well, I have
Alexander Gomez: With my knee. I have like no cartilage in my knee so they had a torn meniscus and money so they had to agree and shaved all that meniscus off. So then I had to go through physical therapy and all that. And it seems to hurt more when it's cold at night.
Alexander Gomez: So I deal with that and like sometimes. Sometimes it's like step wrong. It feels like my knee almost gives out on me.
John Reinhart: Mm hmm.
Alexander Gomez: So I called her walk carefully, or like I'm like riding my bike, I tried to like write smoothly and try not
Alexander Gomez: So much
John Reinhart: So that's primarily your main physical pains that you deal with
Alexander Gomez: Yes, sir.
John Reinhart: Well that's, that's good. That's not, that's something that can be dealt with, right there. So that's good.
John Reinhart: Growing up, what was your family like
Alexander Gomez: I'm pretty good. Well, when I was younger. My dad got an A really bad car accident with my brother and sister, he was under the influence of alcohol. So when you gotten that Rick, he ended up doing time in jail in the county jail or quietly years I'd say probably about four years.
Alexander Gomez: Well, so my mom had a raises.
Alexander Gomez: All three of us on our own for that amount of time. So she put herself herself through school and everything. While my dad was in jail and
Alexander Gomez: But when he got out he was clean and sober for about maybe two years. But then he got back on the wagon. So then he's still drinking. Pretty much every day.
John Reinhart: So that's pretty. One of the reasons you don't drink that is kind of like
Alexander Gomez: What happened. Yeah.
John Reinhart: How old were you when this accident happened with your dad.
Alexander Gomez: Um, I would say I was really young I was in like
Alexander Gomez: Kindergarten
John Reinhart: Okay.
John Reinhart: So that was a big impression on your life. Right.
Alexander Gomez: There. Yeah.
John Reinhart: Do you have siblings. Yeah. You mentioned you have a brother and sister.
Alexander Gomez: Yes, I have an older brother and older sister.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. Were your parents together, did they, you know,
John Reinhart: Except for that stint, that your dad was in jail that they've been together.
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, they're still together.
John Reinhart: Oh, good, good.
John Reinhart: Did anyone in your home life struggle with mental health, substance abuse or food addict or food issues.
Alexander Gomez: I'm not in my family. Now my family's pretty good with
Alexander Gomez: Their weight and everything.
Alexander Gomez: I don't really get depressed enough to eat that much.
Yeah.
Alexander Gomez: I'm pretty good there. Yeah.
John Reinhart: So pretty cool there. Okay. Did you notice any other addictive type of behaviors such as gambling working a lot awareness of sexual material.
Alexander Gomez: Um, well, my mom has to work a lot. She's a workaholic. She's her own boss. She's an RN. Oh, yeah. She goes, she she does a homecare so she works a lot. She works every day so
Alexander Gomez: That's pretty much the end of household, so she has to work so
John Reinhart: Yeah, I'm so thankful for that I had a home at home health
John Reinhart: Health Nurse come by. When I was laid up from surgery and I tell you it's a real blessing. She's got to know a lot of stuff for what she does, you know,
Alexander Gomez: Oh yeah, she's she worked really hard.
John Reinhart: Yeah, okay.
John Reinhart: Let's see, uh, what was school like for you.
Alexander Gomez: Um, school and elementary and it was kind of hard but I got through that element and Middle School. My kind of floated by the kind of just like past me. I didn't. I was cutting a lot and I didn't really go to school and then once I hit High School.
Alexander Gomez: A VINTAGE. It was like so many classes that I couldn't keep up with schoolwork. So they switched me to tennis go
Alexander Gomez: I went to school for like maybe like the four years, but I never graduated
John Reinhart: Okay, so you still need to get your GED diploma. Maybe sometime in the future.
John Reinhart: We'll say, okay, what grade did you complete to
Alexander Gomez: That I think the 11th.
John Reinhart: Well, okay, you're not that far away that
John Reinhart: That's, that's good.
John Reinhart: Let's see.
John Reinhart: Do you struggle with any learning disabilities.
Alexander Gomez: And sometimes I'll suffer from like
Alexander Gomez: I don't know dyslexia like I'll read words wrong.
Alexander Gomez: Yes, I will read it backwards like sometimes it's hard to focus on words.
John Reinhart: That's not uncommon at all uncommon at all. I have a good friend of mine. He's a, he's a doctor. As a matter of fact, he's dyslexic. A lot of lot of bright people are
John Reinhart: They see words or letters different in in the words. So that's something you could overcome. You know, it's, it's, but that's good to know.
John Reinhart: Were there any events that stood out to you, growing up either in your neighborhood family or friends. I think you mentioned one earlier that your dad getting in the automobile accident.
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, there's been from life.
Alexander Gomez: When my wife left me. She took she took both of my kids with her and moved across state. So she pretty much left me for another guy.
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, she was lying to me for like three years about it the whole time. When you finally did leave. She did take both my kids and they're really young. They were about six years old, six and five years old.
Alexander Gomez: So when she left, she took them both. So then, the first time I got to see him since then was a few summers ago so my kids now are 16 and 15
Alexander Gomez: In a while but we finally got we've got the divorce and everything so she promised to have the kids come see me last night, but she hasn't kept that problems.
John Reinhart: But I think that lot of times it seems like it'll be the kids. I want to know about their dad or their mom that they've never seen and
John Reinhart: You know, might be till they're 20 or something or who knows but you know
John Reinhart: That's very cool that you have a couple of kids and you know that while they're there, and they're teenagers. Now, so they're going through, you know, you know, we remember what it was like to be a teenager, so
John Reinhart: Going on. When you're that age.
John Reinhart: Or, let's see.
John Reinhart: Did you ever serve in the military.
No.
John Reinhart: Okay, do you have any financial or legal issues you are concerned about
Alexander Gomez: Um, no, I'm just trying to right now. I'm still looking for a job. I'm still on planet, but I'm pretty on a job before I run out of it.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. What type of work you do.
Alexander Gomez: Um, well, I used to be a maintenance manager for one of the clauses over here. And the last job was a cashier at a gas station so I might go ahead and do that. Another cashier job.
John Reinhart: Yeah, be good if you get deep MORE, MORE DECENT hours. I think the first one you hate it when hours weren't too good huh
Alexander Gomez: Yeah, well, they had me working like
Alexander Gomez: Pretty much full time when I first started and I asked for a part time. So, and it was a while since I've worked. So my body wasn't used to it.
John Reinhart: Yeah.
Alexander Gomez: And I got real sick at work. And they were like, no, you can't be calling in. It's not up in your 90 days. Yeah, so they had to let me go.
John Reinhart: We'll get you stable and everything you're doing much
John Reinhart: Better. And then, you know, get back out there in the saddle again you'll be fine.
John Reinhart: Let's see.
John Reinhart: Are you in a relationship right now.
Alexander Gomez: No, sir.
John Reinhart: Okay, do you have any children. Yeah, you got a couple kids.
John Reinhart: Do you, who do you live with.
Alexander Gomez: I live with my mom, my dad, my brother and his girlfriend sometimes stays over here.
John Reinhart: Okay, cool. And the last question is, Did I miss anything. Can you think of anything else you might want to share
Alexander Gomez: I'm
Alexander Gomez: No spring, I think.
John Reinhart: I think we pretty much covered it. Those are the basic questions and what they'll do is they'll come up with the treatment plan which you just kind of answered there.
John Reinhart: And then that's probably when Rebecca, it will be your therapist and you'll touch base with her every, you know, once a month or a couple weeks or whatever and you know kind of help, you know, create like a roadmap that that works, that'll work. Good for you. Alexander
Alexander Gomez: Okay.
All right, Alex.
John Reinhart: I think that's cool, man. We're good. Thank you for coming in and showing up. I was. I wasn't expecting that I gotta think for Maiko says a Alexander's for
Appointments
John Reinhart: So I'll see you tomorrow. K group.
John Reinhart: Alrighty. Alright, man. Take care of. Thanks again. All right.
John Reinhart: Okay. And that completes the bio psychosocial with Alexander Gomez at 148. Thank you. Bye.